Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Shit.
I'm disappointed in you. Dean.
And after everything
we've been through today.
I'm sorry.
It's too late to apologise.
Look. I've got money
if you want it.
I have money.
Why the fuck are you doing this?
If you really need to ask why.
then you haven't learned
anything today have you?
11 seconds.
Not bad.
Assailant
Do you see that.
He can't even get through a
session with a marriage counsellor
without checking that thing.
How are we ever supposed
to fix this?
Jason?
What can I see.
She is so paranoid about
my work that
well. she already think I'm more
interested in that than I am in her.
And are you?
Am I what?
More interested in your
work than you are in Zoe.
Okay. The fact you Eve have to think
about it tells me that I'm right.
And I swear to god. if you call me
paranoid one more time. I will lose...
You'll what?
Because somebody has to pay the bills
and keep the roof over our head.
You don't get it Zoe.
I'm at work all the time
for you. not for me.
No. It's you that
doesn't get it.
All I'm asking
for is more time together.
More time with you.
Balancing our life and my own
goals isn't exactly easy. you know.
But we used to have
our goals together.
I just want that back.
Zoe. please let's
talk about this.
We've been talking
for an entire hour.
You know what I want.
so either try that or...
Or what?
Hold on a second. please.
Look.
We're damaged right now
and that is all my fault.
I'm gonna fix this.
Let's get away.
Really?
Let's go back to the Caribbean.
Remember after
I proposed to you there
we watched that couple sail
by on that yacht.
Yeah. We used to say
that would be us in ten years.
Well. let's be that couple now.
Do you honestly mean this?
Please Zoe. give me one more shot.
Let me make this right.
Okay.
But on one condition.
Anything.
No work phone.
At all.
Promise?
You have my word.
Hey. wait up. Wait up.
You don't even know
where you're going.
I don't need you to tell me
where we're going.
Oh. come on.
You're not still annoyed about the
flight attendant thing. are you?
You didn't have to be so
stubborn about it. though.
and hold up everyone getting
off the plane.
It was embarrassing.
I said sorry.
Yeah. But not to me.
Why do you always
have to be like that?
Like what?
Is that some sort of dig about
our old failed business again?
Because look. I
screwed up. okay?
Are you gonna hold it against
me for the rest of our lives?
You put all of our company's savings
into a bad investment behind my back.
I'd call that a little bit
more than just screwing up.
Taxi?
Yeah. Alright buddy.
And clearly we're in the
middle of something here. okay?
Sorry. My bad.
See what I mean.
There's no need for that.
Thanks for apologising.
It means so much to me.
And yes. we'll take your taxi.
- Thank you.
- Right this way.
Great start.
In other news. the body of Dean.
a well known British
fish supplier.
was discovered along
the popular hiking trail.
Police are appealing
to any possible lead
to help them identify
the assailant.
Up next. more hits from your
favourite radio station.
Great. There's a murder
on the just our luck.
Unless he's got himself a boat.
I think we're gonna be perfectly fine.
Not if I kill you first.
Hmm?
Nothing.
Thanks.
You okay?
Yeah. Just taking it all in.
I've missed this.
Missed what?
Never mind. You get out
a lot more than I do these days.
There's our guy. Come on.
Hi there. Welcome.
You must be Jason.
I am. You must be our captain.
That's right.
How was your flight?
Oh. Not exactly smooth sailing.
Oh.
- Hello there.
- Hi.
Zoe. this is our
captain for the trip.
Yeah. Just call me Henry.
Lovely to meet you. Henry.
Henry was just saying that
he lined up our permits
for the island hike tomorrow.
Oh. permits?
Yeah. Well. it's a damn shame
what happened on that island.
All the tourism just damn dried
up in the last couple of years.
but they still wanna
look after the historical sites.
so anybody who goes over
there. well. you need a permit.
But not to worry.
I got you all lined up.
Makes sense. Nothing's quite
what it used to be. I guess.
Well you guys must
love a challenge
'cause you picked one hell
of a hike to start off with.
Yeah. Well. we used to operate
a tour guide business together.
You did? How about that.
What happened to it?
Life.
I got you. Got you.
The trail is kinda
special to us. though.
I proposed to Zoe at the end
of it about ten years ago
at the hotel right
on the water there.
I'm sorry to say that hotel
is abandoned now.
but it's still a beautiful spot.
Well. what do you say
we get on our way?
Thank you.
Yeah. Oh. but the way guys.
I hope you don't mind
but I took the Liberty of making a
reservation for you at a nice restaurant
a couple of islands over.
Very romantic.
Sounds great.
Look. I'm sorry about the thing
on the plane.
And the thing in the taxi.
Okay. But...
Fresh slate. starting right now.
There's still love behind
that moody face of yours.
I can see it.
Well. stop making me moody and
I'll stop giving you that face.
Deal.
To us.
What are you up to?
Just thinking.
Admiring Henry's
lifestyle actually.
He's got it pretty
good. for sure.
I used to think
this would be us by now.
And it will be soon enough.
once I put in a few more years.
get a promotion.
Well. the world will literally
be our oyster.
The world already is.
I'll get us some more.
You're a lucky man. Jason.
Thanks.
Come out here to try
to remind myself of that.
I thought I'd remind you. too.
I know it's none of my business.
but I do recognize a make
or break holiday when I see one.
Get a lot of them
out here. do you?
More than our share. I'm afraid.
I've had more than my share
of divorces. too.
Sorry to hear that.
What happened?
Let's just say I learned a little
too late what life is all about.
How lucky I really was.
You know. my advice to you?
I'd have those next two glasses
of champagne down in the bedroom.
I'll just pop on my headphones
and crank up some country music
and keep my eyes on the horizon.
You're a wise man. Henry.
Yeah. I'm a wise man.
Can you put it
over there. please?
Okay.
Sorry. I thought
I'd turned that off.
Well. honestly. it's fine.
Did you wanna...
It's my sister.
I'll give you two some privacy.
You can just meet me at the bar
when you're done.
Okay.
Hi. Everything okay?
Can you just hang on one second.
You're not working are you?
Just 'cause you did promise
you'd leave that stuff at home.
Just getting my wallet.
So. I'll see you
in about an hour.
Great.
Hi.
Yeah. Jason just
went to the bar.
Honestly?
I have absolutely no idea.
Hey. What can I get for you?
Something strong. You pick.
Hey.
This isn't what I ordered.
I asked for a lime and soda.
not whatever the fuck this is.
Okay. I'll change it.
You should apologise to her.
What?
That was your first strike.
You got two more.
Apologise to her.
Look man. I don't know
who you think you are.
Last chance. Apologise now.
Okay man. sure.
Whatever you say.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean
to speak to you like that.
Good.
The original drink
will do just fine.
Tell her now.
You know what? Don't worry
about changing out that drink.
Fair play. That guy deserved it.
I meet a lot of people
like that. sadly.
On vacation?
Literally just started.
Don't tell my wife
I'm working. though?
Wouldn't dream of it.
Hope it's a good holiday
for you and...
Zoe.
She's heading down here
for dinner in a little while.
Just getting ready now.
I'm Jason. by the way.
Jason sellers.
Michael.
Michael?
Just Michael.
Okay. Michael.
You remind me of someone.
Oh yeah? Who's that?
Not sure.
So. you're not sure
who I remind you of.
That's a little bit weird?
Sorry. It's been a rough
couple of weeks.
Been moving around.
Got a new boat.
You know what? We're actually
travelling around in a yacht.
You sail.
No. No. Me and the wife
can't sail to save our lives.
but we've got a captain
so it's all good on that front.
Jealous. Wish I could join you.
Well. you could join me for a
drink right now if you want.
Sure.
Henry.
Yeah.
You know the restaurant. right?
Are you asking this old man
for a little fashion advice?
Pretty much.
I just can't decide whether I
should dress up or go casual.
Let's see here.
Well. I've always found that
a little effort goes a long way.
- Yes.
- Thanks.
By the way. how do I get there?
Oh. don't worry about that.
When you're ready to go
I'll take you ashore.
You can't miss it.
I hope you don't
mind me saying this
but I agree with your friend
on the phone.
That was my sister and were you
listening to our conversation?
No. no.
Calm seas carry loud voices
and I do agree with her.
About what?
If you want these things
to stand the test of time.
that's exactly
what you have to give them.
Time.
So. take a little advice
from an old fool for love.
You go on your hike tomorrow
and well. who knows?
By the time you get to the end
of the trail
maybe that spark is still there.
Hi. We've got
a table booked here tonight.
What's the name?
I think it's in my
husband's. Jason.
Oh yeah. We've added
the extra place already.
Extra place?
Yeah. So. basically
my boss is getting pushed out for
sure after messing up like that
and I know I'm the next in line.
There is literally nobody
who puts those kinda hours
in at that place like me.
Zoe. You made it.
Sure did.
Sorry. This is Michael.
Michael. this is my other half.
It's really nice
to meet you. Zoe.
You are wonderful.
Thanks for saying.
It's nice to meet you. too.
Me and Michael
were just chatting at the bar.
Turns out he's sailing
around the island. just like us.
Well. not quite like you guys.
I'm in a tiny boat on my own. so
it's nowhere near as romantic.
Yeah. Well. Jason is certainly
full of romance. aren't you?
You know what? I'm real sorry to
intrude on your meal like this.
I'm gonna let you two
have your evening together.
Oh. it's okay. Join us. please.
Yeah. It'll be fun.
Okay. Well that's really
kind of you both.
Let's get you a drink.
Sounds great.
Wait. Michael.
where's your glass?
None for me. thanks.
Not much of a drinker. are you?
You got me.
I mean. we probably shouldn't drink
much more considering the hike tomorrow.
We could always
just push it back.
Really? What about the day
permits Henry's arranged? Come on.
No. You guys are gonna
have a real experience tomorrow.
You can't miss out on that.
To new beginnings.
I would choose to that.
So. what is it you
do again. Michael?
He's a teacher.
I prefer educator.
What do you teach?
I see myself as a life coach.
Okay. But what I'm asking is what
do you specifically coach people in?
You know the kind of stuff.
No. I don't really know
what kind of stuff.
I mean. I'd love to
know more. though.
You don't wanna talk
about work tonight.
We came to the Caribbean to get
away from that. right Jason?
Okay. I was just asking
what your job was.
No harm in finding out
it's a bit bore. It's...
Zoe. He doesn't
wanna talk about it.
Okay. No problem.
You know. Jason.
that's who it is.
Who what is?
Who you remind me of.
It's a younger me.
Is that a good thing?
Not really.
Well. thanks pal.
I love you. too.
Hey. wait a minute.
Jason reminds you of you and you
don't wanna talk about your job.
What's your deal. Michael?
Okay. That's enough.
You know. I actually
didn't catch your second name.
Jesus Christ. Zoe.
Will you stop grilling the
man with all of your question?
Don't talk to me like that.
Well then. just leave it. okay?
Apologise to Zoe now.
You know what?
I think we should probably go.
No-one is going anywhere
until he apologises to you.
What did you just say to me?
I'm only gonna tell you
three times. Jason.
That's it.
This is your second time.
Apologise to Zoe now.
I'm sorry.
but who do you think you are?
I don't need you to tell me
what I can and cannot let my
own husband get away with.
I'm only gonna tell you
to stay out of this three times.
That was your first time.
Don't talk to my wife that way.
I'll kick your ass.
Please Jason. just
leave it. Is that it?
I don't know where you get off
talking to people like that
but if I was you. I would
walk away while I still could.
Last chance is coming up. Jason.
Think about this very carefully.
Alright. alright.
That's enough. Break it up.
Hey. he started it. man.
The guys got a screw loose or something.
You gotta go.
This is the final time
I'll ask you. apologise.
You're crazy. man.
Zo. wait up.
No chance. I just wanna get back
to the boat as quick as we can.
Listen. listen. listen.
It's over now. so can we just
take a minute and. and breathe?
Did you see what that guy did
to the doorman?
If you're not as
scared as I am then
maybe there's something wrong
with your head too.
Oh come on.
you're just being para...
Don't you dare say it.
Just don't. ok?
Am I really that bad that you just
can't have dinner. the two of us?
I'm so sorry. Zoe.
I really am.
Can we please just go to bed.
I am done with today.
Oh. shit.
What?
I must have left my
wallet at the bar.
You're joking?
I'm not. But I'll just go and...
No. no. you're not.
We'll cancel the cards and we'll
just use mine until we get home.
- Zoe. that's ridiculous.
- Jason. no.
You're not going back there.
If you do. I'm going.
Going where?
Home. As in home. home.
Ok. Ok. then we'll leave it.
Whatever you want.
What I want is to get back
on the boat.
Sure.
Hey. good morning sunshine.
Feeling better after
a little sleep?
What sleep?
Oh. come on now.
It's gonna be a beautiful day and
maybe that'll make up for everything.
Maybe.
Good morning. Henry.
Morning. Jason.
At least the weather's
on our side today.
Yeah.
But this isn't the Caribbean.
Weather tends to change
minute to minute around here.
But I don't think any storms
are headed your way just now.
Thank god for that.
I think last night was
about the only storm
we could handle right now.
Yeah. it is a scary thing.
thinking someone can hurt you?
But you know I think in the long
run. it's all gonna work out.
I hope so.
she still cares enough about you that
she doesn't wanna see you get hurt.
We should be there in about 30
minutes or so. are you all packed? Zo?
I think that boat
is following us.
Wait. you don't think it's...
Could be.
I highly doubt it.
What if it's him?
It's a fisherman. zo.
You never take me seriously.
Yes I do.
I just don't think someone
would follow us out here
because of a stupid bar fight.
I don't care what you think.
That guy scared the life out
of me last night.
Look. I'll prove it to you.
Hey. Henry.
Yeah?
You ever seen that boat before?
Oh yeah. that's Dean levin.
local fisherman.
Bit of a pain in the ass.
but harmless. why?
No reason.
See? Nothing to worry about.
Woo.
Alrighty. you got those permits?
Yep.
I guess there's not much
I can tell you about that trail
you don't already know.
No. sir. we probably
know that trail better than you.
I bet you do.
Alright. I'll take the boat
the other side of the island.
I'll meet you over there.
Alright.
Zoe.
Thanks. Henry. Enjoy your day.
You're welcome and I will.
I'm gonna go back there. crank
up some rock and roll music.
pop a couple of beers
and have a good old time.
I'll see you later.
You're not still worried
about that boat. are you?
Amongst other things.
- Do you wanna enlighten me?
- Not really.
So. we're just gonna do the whole
trail like this then. are we?
Because it was supposed
to be romantic.
Yeah. so was dinner last night.
- Fair enough. zo. I get it.
- Do you?
You still haven't
even apologised yet.
I was getting my ass kicked
by some lunatic
and you want me to apologise?
You know what? Just forget it.
I don't even know why i'm
bothering to try and save this.
Save what? Or marriage you mean?
Because that's what you do. Zoe.
It's still death do
us part. remember?
Yeah. well. maybe I don't think
it's such a good idea anymore.
Stop.
You're not talking about
getting a divorce. are you?
Zoe. talk to me.
Please tell me that's not
who I think it is.
No way. Why would
he bother following us?
Seriously?
How many true crime docs
do we have to watch?
It's just some other hiker doing
the same trail that we are.
Well. I'm not hanging
around to find out.
Zoe. Look. you can't just dangle
the d word on me and then take off
because of some other hiker.
Try me.
Ok. that's enough.
will you please just talk to me?
Nope. No thank you.
Zoe. stop. I'm serious.
This is not exactly the best place
to be having this conversation.
Let's just get off this island
and then we can talk.
Are you leaving me?
Not right now. I'm not.
You know what I mean.
I don't know. maybe.
I don't wanna lose you.
Can we please just go?
Why? Because some random guy's
following us?
You know. this is ridiculous.
What are you doing?
What does it look
like I'm doing?
I am waiting and
letting him pass.
Oh come on. don't.
If you wanna leave Zoe.
then go for it.
Jason. Pick up your bag
and come with me right now.
- Why should I?
- Because it's him.
Ok. That's enough.
What are you gonna do?
I'm gonna reason with the guy.
He just followed us
to another island.
does that sound like
he wants to reason with you?
I don't know. Zoe.
but Jesus Christ.
what else can we do?
Let's go. right now.
You can keep running away
from our problems. I'm not.
Will you just drop the stroppy
child attitude and get serious?
This guy is going to kill us.
No. he's not.
People don't just do that.
Let me handle this.
What do you want. Michael?
It's ok. Alright. I'm just.
have something for you.
You dropped this last night.
You followed us all the way out
here. just to give me my wallet back?
Why would you do that?
I have my reasons.
Like?
I feel terrible
about last night.
And I wanted to
talk to you guys.
Well. thanks.
Yeah. I'm really sorry
about last night.
Let's just put it
behind us. yeah?
It's too late for that. Jason.
You got me.
She thought you'd come
all this way out here
to kill us or something.
No. Eventually. yes. but
we've got all day first.
What?
Work phone.
You. Phone. now.
What do you want?
To educate Jason.
You still have two strikes. Zoe.
so go.
What if I say. "no"?
Take him.
You'll just let us go?
For now.
Take him.
Go on. Go!
Run!
Wait.
No. no. gotta keep going.
We'll check it when we can.
Come on.
Wait. wait.
Shit. That's your fault.
Why couldn't you just
apologise last night?
And why the hell did you
have your work phone on you?
Look. I can explain.
Nothing to explain.
You are a liar.
Can we deal with
this later. please?
Later? You are not gonna be able
to charm your way out of this?
I know. Zoe.
Ok. so what now?
Our best bet is to make it over
the trail and get back to the boat.
Some great thinking.
- What do you suggest that we do?
- Hush.
Voices.
There's people up ahead.
Come on.
Oh. thank god.
Hey!
- Help!
- Oh. we found you.
- Are you guys ok?
- Someone's trying to kill us.
Ok. meet us at the fork.
You're ok now.
Are you injured?
He hit me in the side.
around the kidney.
I'm a nurse. let me take a look.
Alright.
Oh my goodness.
Oh. It's really
hard to say what that is.
I mean. could be
internal bleeding.
How do you feel?
Like I'm dying.
Are you sure you didn't like.
fall and hurt yourself or something?
Look. we're not lying.
There really is someone
trying to kill us.
can you help? Please?
Ok. I'll go and talk to him.
No! No. Just call the police
or something.
There is zero
reception around here.
Be quicker to send
a smoke signal.
Look. I'll go and find out
what's going on.
I'll go with him.
Hold up. Danielle.
I'm not sure that's
such a good idea.
Just let the poor
guy take care of it.
that's what we're
paying him for.
Seriously. Listen to her.
I'm not gonna let him
do that on his own.
Ok. well I'm not gonna
let you go alone either.
You guys just wait here.
we'll sort this out. ok?
We should stop them.
Don't go. Please.
Hi there.
Hi.
Look. We don't know
what's going on with you three.
but we just wanna calm
the situation down.
I don't think so.
But this is your chance to go.
Look. we just wanna make sure
no one gets hurt.
And all of you agree as a group?
It counts as three
times in my book.
Ok. calm down.
What's the matter with you. man?
You two might wanna
get a head start.
Gah!
What are you gonna do with that?
I hate weapons.
Wait.
Take it.
It's ok.
You were just trying
to be helpful.
It's ok.
It'll all be over soon.
Oh.
15 seconds.
Ok.
Now you're
ready to listen to me?
Good.
We'll hide in the ruins. we'll
wait for Michael to go past.
And then we'll turn back
and steal his boat.
That's a good plan.
If I make it that far.
Oh. you'd better not die on me.
I'd be really annoyed
with you then.
Come on.
You ok?
Yeah.
Liar.
Come on. show me.
Don't call me that.
Well. you are.
I have no excuse
about the work phone.
Or any of my behaviour
over the last few years.
I messed up our business and
left you to pick up the pieces
while I ran away. got a job.
And for that. it's so much more.
I want you to know
in case I don't
make it out of here
that I'm really.
truly sorry. Zoe.
And I promise you if i'm
lucky enough not to die today
that I will spend the rest
of my life making it up to you.
Let's go hide.
Did you see him tracking us?
Yeah. He's a pro.
This isn't gonna
fool him for long.
We need to get out
of here. quick.
Agreed.
What?
Nothing. I just. I didn't
realise how much I missed this.
What. get together. you mean?
Come on.
Stop right there.
Get back.
Base. come in. Come in. base.
Whoa. You don't need
to point that at us.
We're the victims here.
Please.
We really need your help.
I've just seen three bodies.
Hikers. We know.
No. no. no. no.
The man that is
chasing us did that.
And he is gonna be here at any minute
now. so you need to listen.
Listen. he's telling
you the truth.
We are all in big trouble
unless you get us out of here.
Show me your permits.
What?
Your permits if you really are hikers.
You will have permits?
Ok. but we left our bags
when he attacked us.
Just came from that direction.
Didn't see any bags.
Just dead bodies.
You cannot be serious right now.
Normally. I would tell him to
be more relaxed. but he's right.
You cannot be serious.
Put them on.
No.
Look. You story checks out.
you got nothing to worry about.
You don't get it.
Put on the handcuffs.
Ok.
Let's just do it. Zoe.
Good. Sit.
Sit?
Now.
Come on. mates. come on.
Got a real situation here.
Oh my god.
What?
Hi.
Whoa. whoa.
Stay right there. Don't move.
Stop right there.
Not a problem. friend.
Don't move.
What's the issue?
Do you know these people?
I don't know who they are?
I'm just hiking the trail.
Oh yeah? Show me your permit.
Slowly.
Jason sellers?
That's me.
Sorry about that. sir.
We had an incident.
I'm gonna have to
ask you to turn back.
An incident. oh my god.
What happened?
We're investigating.
Just turn back and go
where you came from.
Sure thing.
What's the deal with those two?
Suspects.
Apparently they're
innocent though.
How many times
did they claim that?
Mmm?
How many times did they claim
they were innocent?
More than three?
A bunch of times. why?
Guns are such an uncivilized
way to handle your grievances.
Look what you've done.
Another person hurt.
'cause you couldn't admit
you were wrong.
Stand up. you two.
Stand up.
Zoe. Come here.
Just let her go.
That's entirely up
to her. isn't it?
Don't you touch her.
- I'll fucking kill you.
- Oh.
So here we are.
It's your third
and final chance.
Stay with Jason...
Or leave him
and live a happy life.
Zoe? It's ok.
So what do you say. Zoe?
Do you accept?
She accepts. she accepts.
I'm gonna need to hear her
say it. thank you. Jason.
Zoe.
Is it a yes?
Three seconds. Zoe.
Three. two. one.
Yes. yes. I accept.
I was rooting for you.
You're free to go.
Go on.
Go.
Just you and me. pal.
Let's take a walk.
No.
Help.
Please help.
Oh god.
Zoe.
Fuck you.
You know. there was a time I would
have let you die with these on.
But might as well give you
some dignity. Come on.
You don't have to do this.
Isn't it amazing how quickly
someone tries to apologise
when they think
they're about to die?
Where is that attitude
in the restaurant
when you were
disrespecting your wife?
Just kill me and
get it over with.
Ok. Time to die.
You are so fucked.
Ok. let me look at you.
- I'm fine. I'm fine.
- Come on. come on.
You came back for me.
I did.
And look what I took
from the ranger's body.
It doesn't work down here though.
so we need to find higher ground.
Look. There looks good.
You holding up ok?
I'll be ok if this thing works.
Ok. well there's not gonna
be a better place to try it.
Hello?
Hello. anyone? Please.
Oh come on.
Hello? Hello?
This is pascan one.
who's calling?
Henry?
I can't understand.
repeat please?
Henry. is that you?
Jason. is that you?
Where'd you get a radio?
Oh.
I'm sorry.
Henry it's us. it's Jason.
Henry we...
Jason. I can't understand what
you're saying. repeat please.
That at the bar he started us.
Jason. I can't understand
what you're saying.
your message is
coming in garbled.
I'm calling emergency services.
if you can hear me.
Jason.
You think he heard us?
I think we just gotta keep
moving and hope for the best.
We're almost at the end
of the trail. just push through.
Can you?
I can if you can.
Yeah.
He's back.
What do we do?
Come on. I have an idea.
Son of a bitch.
Jason! Zoe! Can you hear me?
- Henry? Oh thank god.
- Jason!
Shh. oh Henry shut up.
he's gonna hear you.
Maybe. do think he did it?
He called the police. I mean.
I don't know. but we gotta go.
Ok.
Oh. there you are.
Henry!
We're so happy to see you.
What's so wrong?
What the hell happened to you?
- Where are the police?
- The police?
Yeah. didn't you
get our message?
I couldn't understand what you
were saying. it was all garbled.
Oh shit.
But I did call the
emergency services.
And how long
did they say they'd be?
They didn't say.
You must be the captain.
Thought you were smarter
than that. Zoe.
How you'll have to die too.
Run.
I'm only gonna give
you three chances.
That's one.
That's two.
Three.
This was my favourite t-shirt.
We're almost there.
The boat's gotta be over there.
Ok. Let's go.
No. No. Get to the boat.
Radio for help.
What are you gonna do?
Give him the run around.
buy us time until police arrive.
Ok. It's a good plan.
I love you.
I love you too.
End of the trail. Michael.
End of the trail.
Where's the wife?
She's gone.
Don't worry.
I'll catch up with her.
Now what?
You both know what happens next.
For what it's worth.
I get it now.
I met a lot of people like you.
I take it we're not the first
couple you've done this to.
You sick fuck.
You know what
my biggest takeaway is?
Enlighten me.
No one ever really changes.
They just say they have.
You did.
Ready?
Good for you.
Liar.
This is where you
proposed to Zoe?
First or second floor?
Fuck you.
Second.
I'm gonna beat my persona best.
You really think i'd
fall for that twice?
Do you think he's still alive?
No way.
Good.
We can't get out of here.
We can't even drive that thing.
Well. Henry said he radioed
the park service.
so let's just get back on the
boat and wait for them to arrive.
Ok. good.
'Cause I don't wanna
go hiking anymore.
Come on.
Thank god you got out
of those clothes.
Celebrating?
Medicating.
Come on.
Be gentle.
I will be.
Is that your phone again?
Can't be.
Listen.
Yeah. but I had it
on the hike and then...
Michael took it from me.
He's on the boat.
Flare gun.
I'll call him out. Shoot.
Works for me.
Come on out. Michael.
We know you're hurt.
Just take the boat and leave.
Missed me?
You didn't even check to see
if it was loaded?
Let's get out of here.
One year later
they're here.
Jason Zoe sellers
survival tours.
all the skills you need
to survive in the wild.
They look great.
Ready for our first day?
Sure am.
After you.
Assailant